Add developer docs (#43)
openshift/cluster-capi-operator: docs/controllers/kubeconfig.md

# Kubeconfig controller

## Overview

Kubeconfig controller generates a secret containing kubeconfig for the cluster. The kubeconfig is generated from the service account for operator. The kubeconfig is consumed by core CAPI controllers to link nodes and machines.

## Behavior

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> IsCurrentPlatformSupported
    state IsCurrentPlatformSupported <<choice>>
    IsCurrentPlatformSupported --> NoOp: False
    IsCurrentPlatformSupported --> GetOperatorServiceAccount: True
    GetOperatorServiceAccount --> GetServiceAccountSecret
    GetServiceAccountSecret --> GenerateKubeconfigFromSecret
    GenerateKubeconfigFromSecret --> CreateKubeconfigSecret
    CreateKubeconfigSecret --> [*]
    NoOp --> [*]
```

> If the current platform is not supported, the controller will not create any secret and allow BYO scenarios. In case when the platform is supported, the controller will create the secret containing kubeconfig.

Reviewer: same about "BYO", also
```suggestion
If the current platform is not supported, the controller will not create any secret and allow BYO scenarios. In cases where the platform is supported, the controller will create the secret containing kubeconfig.
```
